README.md, before:

# Bangazon Inc.

## Description
A backend service for a platform for customers to buy and sell products.
Includes employee and company data.

## Resources

### Customer
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Product
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### PaymentType
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Order
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### ProductType
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Employee
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Department
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Computer
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### TrainingProgram
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

Commit message:

added get orders endpoints to README

README.md, after:

# Bangazon Inc.

## Description
A backend service for a platform for customers to buy and sell products.
Includes employee and company data.

## Resources

### Customer
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Product
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### PaymentType
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Order
#### GET
- `api/orders`
  - Returns all orders in the database.
- `api/orders/{id}`
  - Returns the matching single order, or a `BadRequest` response if not found.
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### ProductType
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Employee
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Department
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### Computer
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details

### TrainingProgram
#### GET
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### POST
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### PUT
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
#### DELETE
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
- `api/controller`
  - description and details
